Update methodology.rst (#328)
mlco2/codecarbon: docs/edit/methodology.rst

Carbon Intensity of the electricity consumed is calculated as a weighted average of the emissions from different
energy sources that are used to generate electricity, including fossil fuels and renewables. In this toolkit, the fossil fuels coal, petroleum, and natural gas are associated with specific carbon intensities: a known amount of carbon dioxide is emitted for each kilowatt-hour of electricity generated. Renewable or low-carbon fuels include solar power, hydroelectricity, biomass, geothermal, and more. The nearby energy grid contains a mixture of fossil fuels and low-carbon energy sources, called the Energy Mix. Based on the mix of energy sources in the local grid, this package calculates the Carbon Intensity of the electricity consumed.

.. image:: ./images/grid_energy_mix.png
            :align: center
            :alt: Grid Energy Mix
            :height: 300px
            :width: 350px

> When aviable, CodeCarbon use global carbon intensity of electricity per cloud providers ( `here <https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon/blob/master/codecarbon/data/cloud/impact.csv>`_ ) or per countries ( `here <https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon/blob/master/codecarbon/data/private_infra/eu-carbon-intensity-electricity.csv>`_ ).

Reviewer: When available, CodeCarbon uses*

> When aviable, CodeCarbon use global carbon intensity of electricity per cloud providers ( `here <https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon/blob/master/codecarbon/data/cloud/impact.csv>`_ ) or per countries ( `here <https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon/blob/master/codecarbon/data/private_infra/eu-carbon-intensity-electricity.csv>`_ ).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When available, CodeCarbon uses global carbon intensity of electricity per cloud providers ( `here <https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon/blob/master/codecarbon/data/cloud/impact.csv>`_ ) or per countries ( `here <https://github.com/mlco2/codecarbon/blob/master/codecarbon/data/private_infra/eu-carbon-intensity-electricity.csv>`_ ).
```

> If we don't have the global carbon intensity or electricity of a country but we have it's electricity mix, we calculate the carbon intensity of electricity using this table :

Reviewer: calculate = compute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If we don't have the global carbon intensity or electricity of a country but we have it's electricity mix, we compute the carbon intensity of electricity using this table :
```
